# Soft165_Referral User Story/Requirements for Application

The purpose of this guide is to offer assistance for a fellow student with a strategy for  work together within a team to produce a simple web application. This assistance will have several parts. The first part of this is a set of web pages that offer a breakdown of the application into suggested component parts with further notes for each section. The second part is the podcast which will contain an overview of the web pages with explanations of all areas and reinforcement of the main points.

The notes in each section offer a suggestion as to some of the areas to consider with that part of the application without going into too much detail. They also highlight which areas of study may be best suited for that topic but also continue to emphasise the overlap between some skill sets and the need for co-operation across the whole team to achieve a quality product. This cannot be stressed enough. The entire team needs to be included and aware of most if not all of the other areas to help ensure a quality outcome. One team member feeling excluded could have disasterous consequences for the project. 

The application consists of six pages:- Index, security, registration and login, chat options, simple game, 3rd party API. All pages have a list of links to other pages on the left hand side with information and changing quotes about teamwork on the right hand side. The panel with the teamwork quotes is meant to be a source giving some inspiration and a different quote is loaded if the page is refreshed or another page is selected.

The centre panel is the stage for the main information. The index page contains a brief outline of the purpose of the application with a list of the other pages. All pages stress points requiring consideration and with the afore-mentioned suggestions around areas of study and again the reiteration of the importance of teamwork and close co-operation.

The podcast will contain an audible version of this guide together with brief explanations of all sections and pages of the application.  The points within this document will be covered, especially the emphasis on teamwork and close co-operation which is consistent throughout the pages. Also covered repeatedly is the suggestion that several areas of the application overlap and could benefit from several team members working together on two or more parts simultaneously. This is especially relevant to the security and registration elements of the web pages.

This guide is a suggested approach to breaking down a web application into its component parts with ideas on the best skills set to complete each section thereby ensuring a quality end product. The user could use as few or as many of the guides indicated. A lot will depend on the skill set alraedy within the team and the personalities as well. Care will need to be taken to ensure contributions and ideas from all are considered.

